README.md, before:

# Newa Farms Limited Website 🐝

A modern, responsive website for Newa Farms Limited - Uganda's premier beekeeping and organic products company.

## 🌟 Features

- **Modern Design**: Clean, professional design with bee-themed animations
- **Responsive Layout**: Optimized for all devices (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- **Product Showcase**: Beautiful masonry gallery displaying bee products
- **Interactive Elements**: Animated bees flying across pages
- **Contact Integration**: Direct email functionality to rebeccaabolet@gmail.com
- **SEO Optimized**: Built with Next.js for excellent performance

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15.2.4
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components**: Shadcn/ui
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Fonts**: Google Fonts (Inter, Playfair Display, Dancing Script, JetBrains Mono)

## 📱 Pages

- **Home**: Hero slider, featured products, services overview
- **About**: Company mission, vision, and team information
- **Products**: Masonry gallery of bee products (honey, cosmetics, beeswax)
- **Services**: Beekeeping training, consultation, and support services
- **Contact**: Contact form with direct email integration

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- pnpm (recommended) or npm

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/suubiCl/newafarms.git
cd newafarms
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
pnpm dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## 🎨 Design Features

- **Animated Bees**: Custom bee animations using the beeguy.png mascot
- **Color Scheme**: Warm honey and green tones reflecting nature
- **Typography**: Professional font combinations for readability
- **Hover Effects**: Smooth transitions and interactive elements
- **Image Optimization**: Next.js Image component for fast loading

## 📧 Contact Integration

The contact form sends emails directly to `rebeccaabolet@gmail.com` using mailto functionality.

## 🌐 Deployment

This project is optimized for deployment on Vercel with automatic builds from the GitHub repository.

## 👥 Team

- **Rebecca Akello** - CEO & Founder
- **Cave Motions** - Web Development ([cavemotions.com](https://cavemotions.com))

## 📄 License

© 2025 Newa Farms Limited. All rights reserved.

---

**Newa Farms Limited** - Where Agriculture Meets Innovation! 🍯

Commit message:

Update README: Confirm CSS build errors resolved

README.md, after:

# Newa Farms Limited Website 🐝

A modern, responsive website for Newa Farms Limited - Uganda's premier beekeeping and organic products company.

## 🌟 Features

- **Modern Design**: Clean, professional design with bee-themed animations
- **Responsive Layout**: Optimized for all devices (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- **Product Showcase**: Beautiful masonry gallery displaying bee products
- **Interactive Elements**: Animated bees flying across pages
- **Contact Integration**: Direct email functionality to rebeccaabolet@gmail.com
- **SEO Optimized**: Built with Next.js for excellent performance

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15.2.4
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components**: Shadcn/ui
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Fonts**: Google Fonts (Inter, Playfair Display, Dancing Script, JetBrains Mono)

## 📱 Pages

- **Home**: Hero slider, featured products, services overview
- **About**: Company mission, vision, and team information
- **Products**: Masonry gallery of bee products (honey, cosmetics, beeswax)
- **Services**: Beekeeping training, consultation, and support services
- **Contact**: Contact form with direct email integration

## 🚀 Getting Started

> **Note**: CSS build errors have been resolved as of the latest commit. The application now builds successfully for production deployment.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- pnpm (recommended) or npm

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/suubiCl/newafarms.git
cd newafarms
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
pnpm dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## 🎨 Design Features

- **Animated Bees**: Custom bee animations using the beeguy.png mascot
- **Color Scheme**: Warm honey and green tones reflecting nature
- **Typography**: Professional font combinations for readability
- **Hover Effects**: Smooth transitions and interactive elements
- **Image Optimization**: Next.js Image component for fast loading

## 📧 Contact Integration

The contact form sends emails directly to `rebeccaabolet@gmail.com` using mailto functionality.

## 🌐 Deployment

This project is optimized for deployment on Vercel with automatic builds from the GitHub repository.

## 👥 Team

- **Rebecca Akello** - CEO & Founder
- **Cave Motions** - Web Development ([cavemotions.com](https://cavemotions.com))

## 📄 License

© 2025 Newa Farms Limited. All rights reserved.

---

**Newa Farms Limited** - Where Agriculture Meets Innovation! 🍯
